Can't eat.
- What's wrong? - I don't know, I can't eat!
If you don't know, I do.
Too many sleepers last night, that's what.
Look who's talking.
Maybe you ought to take a week off.
Just stop everything.
I'm serious.
I'll talk to Elly when he gets back.
- I couldn't do anything before then. - Elliot is back.
He... called here for you while you were in the shower.
You spoke to him?
Well, I couldn't help it, could I?
I explained to him that you were staying here with me for a few days.
How did he react?
Civilised.
He apologised... for the scene in the bar...
... and I more or less... accepted his apology.
Where are you going?
Leo's in town.
I told you about Leo...
... and my Georgia picture.
We're close to a deal.
Don't go. I want you to stay.
Beverly,...
... I can't.
OK. Yeah.